4.7.2 release (#234)
blackbaud/skyux-lists: CHANGELOG.md

# 4.7.2 (2021-05-07)

> - Fixed the filter summary component to propery wrap filters. [#233](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux-lists/pull/233)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the filter summary component to proper;y wrap filters. [#233](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux-lists/pull/233)
```

Author: Fixed
